Challenges and solutions
------------------------------------------
I had a few problems I ran into with this code. When I first started to write the program outline I did not
include a User Base class. I originally was going to make a Base class account with two derived classes called
checkings and savings and that was it. I wanted to make them mimic each other excpet for their balance. I wanted them
to both store the users name and id and information. I realized though, it would take a lot of code and make it a 
little complicated. Making these two classes constantly sending information back and forth to each other making
sure they mimiced the same information. This allowed for errors. If information was updated on one of the objects and not 
the other it would ruin the whole program. I decided to use encapsulation and make a new class all together. So 
I made a user class that stores a name and a id. That was the id is unique to the user and then when we call
certain aspects of the users account (checkings and savings) we can just append a c or a s on the end of the
id depending on which account was being displayed. Another issue I had and have not figured out yet is how to make the 
program pause and wait for user to press enter or something. I really would like a fake loading screen or even a 
pause for a bit so that the user can gather whats going on when the screen changes instead of a whole bunch of code at once.
To solve this in the future I can probably either add another piece of code involving cin or even try to find some
sort c++ code that will actually take in real time and delay the next code for a couple seconds. I could do it 
manually with a counter for a for loop or something as well if there is no predefined delay function in C++. Sometimes with
this program entering in the password to do everything becomes a little tedious. I have an idea in the future to make the 
user have the password only in the beginning (mimicing what it would be like to enter a bank account). I will also
make the user enter a password when wanting to change information. For example, changing the name or password